Roadmap
=======





Current Development Goals
-------------------------

### Implement a sustainable software release process and schedule

Action: Develop **release process and schedule** (for software and documentation).

Action: Implement **annual software update** releases.

### Improve user experience of BitCurator environment

Action: Determine which BitCurator tools are in most need of user testing through **surveys or direct feedback** from users.

Action: Schedule **pilot usability tests** with select members of the community to test key components of the BitCurator system.

### Ensure data and tool outputs are able to interoperate with other systems and tools

Action:**Evaluate outputs** generated by BitCurator reports and toolsets and identify those whose outputs are not in machine-actionable text formats, such as XML, text, JSON, etc.

Action: Determine the feasibility of **parsing existing tool output to a structured text format**, looking for work that already might exist on blogs, GitHub, or StackOverflow.

### Research increased functionality and support for working with files

Action: **Inventory tools and utilities** existing in the BitCurator environment and identify whether they work on disk images and/or individual files.

Action:**Determine functionality gaps** where tools for working with files don’t exist, and generate a plan to locate and/or develop tools to fit those needs.

### Support software development by individual developers from member institutions

Action: Provide an **official platform for individual/independent developers** of open source digital forensics tools to promote or further develop their work.

Action: Officially recognize and **reward products of development work through promotion** on BCC communication channels and public programming.

  








 If you would like to provide feedback for this page, please follow this [link to the BitCurator Wiki Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScRk8obKFl7tDb1NqdxlNfY9doy7r_WIkCTAiB2nE-r0D5b2Q/viewform?usp=sf_link) for the Development section.


